Latex macros for notation
=========================

Are you tired of chasing mathematical notation and abbreviations in published papers?

Are you tired of conflicting or inconsistent notation?

This package addresses these problems via:

- Automatic creation of hyperlink for each managed mathematical symbol to its first occurrence in the document.
- Generation of lists of symbols.
- Macros to do this with minimal effort for the author.


Usage
=====

1. Copy the file ``notation.sty`` in you latex directory, e.g. quickly but insecurely using ``wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/alexandrebouchard/notation/master/notation.sty --no-check-certificate``.
2. See ``example.tex`` for instructions and an example.
3. If you do not need a list of symbols, that's it, use your normal latex compilation pipeline. Otherwise, to ge the list of symbols, use:

```
pdflatex example.tex 
makeindex example.nlo -s nomencl.ist -o example.nls
pdflatex example.pdf 
```

To save time, you can put the script ``makenotation.sh`` in your path and just type:

```
makenotation example
```

To disable the links generated by this package, define the following command before importing the ``notation.sty`` package:

```
\newcommand{\disablenotationlinks}{}
```


Limitations
===========

- Does not seem to link into ``align`` environments, use ``equation``, ``\[ ... \]``, or ``eqnarray``.
- Does not link into a figure caption (but link *from* a caption is OK).
- If the package ``hyperref`` is already loaded with different options, you will get an error message saying you cannot load the package twice with different arguments. 

Workaround for the ``hyperref`` issue: instead of e.g.

```
\usepackage[colorlinks,citecolor=blue,urlcolor=blue,filecolor=blue,backref=page]{hyperref}
```

use:

```
\usepackage{hyperref}
\hypersetup{colorlinks,citecolor=blue,urlcolor=blue,filecolor=blue,backref=page}
```